The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Do you think that there,
is there a style of film or a kind of movie that you want to do that you haven't
done yet? That you're thinking you'd like to get in?
I mean, there's two different projects.
I tried to develop for a long time and they both failed to get off
the ground. One was this movie called the broad street bullies,
and it was about the 1974 Philadelphia flyers.
And the movie is the true story is so insane that you can't
believe it's real. Just the way that they decided, you know,
there are a fledgling team, nobody cared.
So they basically built a team of tough guys, you know, which is kind of like,
slapshots almost like the same won the Stanley cup twice based on just being
so scared. And so terrorizing other teams would be scared to play them.
And they'd be like, oh, you got the Philly flu.
Cause major players would be like, ah,
I'm too sick to play when we get to Philly. Cause,
and you go back and you watch the fights that took place during those
seasons,
they literally go into the crowd and they're fighting with fans.
They come off the ice, they break up. I mean, when the guys are fighting,
it's not, and it doesn't seem like good natured, like, okay, we're going to go.
We're going to go.
It seems like gripping someone's hair and punching them in the face til their
teeth are all gone type fighting.
Cops are breaking up the fights on the ice cops,
cops with skates,
no pull uniform policemen,
come onto the ice and start breaking things up where they're sliding around.
With their yeah.
Trying to on YouTube. It's amazing. I mean, I, I researched this for,
for years and um, and then they just, you know, and,
and Bobby Clark at that time was like the most hated man in hockey.
I don't know if you're a hockey fan at all,
but he was just like another one was guys, who was he at? I don't know.
I could go on forever for a movie that didn't make, but, but I,
I kept trying to make it go and go and just get it just never,
you could just never. And I was in, I went to Philadelphia, knows it,
hanging out with the team and I was in their archives and having access to
everything that this is going to happen. And just couldn't, it wouldn't move.
Why? Why not? I don't know.
I don't know if the team and the team owners want to glorify that
time and the, if there's an amazing documentary on it,
that was on HBO. Maybe like five years ago, you got to watch it.
Do you remember the name?
It might've been called broad street bullies because it was, you know,
the spectrum was on broad street. So that's how they got the name,
but it's nuts. And I was like, you know,
the Dave Schultz and he's wearing like a Nazi helmet.
And he was the tough guy on the team that was petrified of,
and these guys are like, had really long hair, big beards. I mean,
does not like hockey.
And everybody looked like a maniac and they'd get stuff like, you know,
you'd see them get stitches, get hit, get stitched,
go back on the ice with the stitches.
There's jerseys covered in blood and they don't even change their Jersey.
They're playing covered in blood. Well,
that's such a crazy thing that would never do now.
Well,
the sports still to this day is such a throwback because it's the only sport
where you're allowed to fight in the middle of the sport.
But imagine if they had that with basketball, hockey.
Players are the toughest, because I always love hockey.
I want to be a hockey player when I was little kid. And that was my thing.
And for a long time, me and my wife, we had season tickets for the king.
So we'd go to every single game year after year after year.
And we'd always hang out with the team and they'd come to our house and then
party. And we'd always be with them in Vegas.
And they're like football players on skates.
And they're all for like these like guys from like moose jaw Saskatchewan.
And like,
they keep the teeth out and they get crazy in the bar and they're like mental.
And they're just like, who else is skating?
90 miles an hour crashing into boards that are just have no give.
So interesting that that's the one sport where it's written in that you can
fight that fight.
I mean, it's.
So funny. It's so crazy.
Like that would make so many sports so much more interesting,
but nobody would ever do it. It's literally the tough guy sport it is.
And the thing that always drove me crazy, like drove me crazy.
Like it involves me, but they would always advertise the LA Kings as like,
it's like this family thing, like, oh, come on down and cheer for the Kings.
And they'd be like a girl in a hockey Jersey on the billboards around timely.
You should just put up mugshot style portraits of the players,
like smiling with their teeth missing. And it just says,
you think you're a tough Kings because,
and that's not like the old days where they're kind of like skillful.
They're like this,
guy's like six foot five and you put them on skates and they're huge. And they,
you know,
they they're all jacked up in big like football players except their own skates.
I think it would be a hard sell for a lot of people,
but what's not a hard sell is MMA, which is weird, right?
Because that's like the darling of so many,
you go to the fights and Matt Damon will be there and Leonardo DiCaprio and
everybody wants to be seen there. And Kanye is in the crowd.
And it's one of those things where people have decided like, that's okay,
meanwhile, they're smashing their faces open with elbows on the ground,
mental man heads trapped in a cage and they're pummeling each other and it's
okay. And.
They break it up. Like, I'm pretty sure that guy's already got brain damage.
You needed to stop that punching two seconds earlier.
It's so crazy sport because it's become accepted. Like,
like that's what I was saying. It's weird.
Like a fight in a basketball game is a giant deal. Like, oh my gosh.
Shoves another guy. And it's like, this.
Is crazy. Yeah.
If a guy like judo tossed a guy and landed on his head,
somebody did that recently in a hockey game was awful.
Like Robin black did a breakdown of it where some guy got a guy in a clinch and
hit him with a hip toss and slammed his head onto the concrete is horrible.
It's weird. Well, I mean, I can see why they, they want,
I think they probably like hockey being more family friendly.
Cause the arenas are so nice.
You bring the grades and they don't want a bunch of maniacs beating the out of
each other, but they can still fight. They can still fight. But it is. Yeah.
Just watch this. This is crazy. Boom. Oh, that's bad. That's horrible.
That's an move because like that's not even fighting. Like,
and plus that guy landed with bolted, their weights guys on his head.
He's out called. I mean that's like serious, serious brains.
Yeah. I remember one time,
one particular incident at King's game where the guy was out and it went on
forever and the vibe was so heavy in the arena because we're like, is he dead?
Cause you know, you know, when someone hits and they just stop moving.
And that.
Freaks you out, you pull up some broad street, bullies fighting from 1974.
Pull up some of that. Yeah. I've seen statement.
Oh that's this thing. Yeah. This is the documentary. It's amazing.
Look at the way they look back then everything it's like back in the day.
It's just such a weird thing to see people from that era.
I hear that. Yeah. They don't.
This is like early days before they became insane.
Oh. So it built up because what.
Happened was when they were starting as a team,
they got really manhandled one time by a certain team. And they were like,
this is never going to happen again. And they rebuilt,
the team would basically like thug type guys.
I'm always amazed in. Anybody could punch while they're on skates and that's,
I can't even skate. How the do you maintain your.
I don't know. But these guys are amazing athletes. I, one time I went,
I went down and got to skate at practice with the LA Kings.
Would they guys were injured and,
and that rink seems small when those big guys all get on the ice. I was like,
wow, there's no room.
Sure. Well, it's also the collide into each other against the wall,
which the amount of shock on your body.
I know. It's amazing that,
I mean they just go and go and go.
Can reignite some interest with this conversation because I think that would be
it well, because he's pulling his hair.
Yeah. Oh it wasn't like it was, I'm going to wash that. It's amazing.
So have you tried again recently or I really think that it's just like,
they just don't want to be connected to this story.
Well, there's this guy, ed Snyder,
who was the guy who started the whole team and that's where, and I met with.
I thought he was the reason it wasn't going to happen. And then he passed away.
Cause I mean, he was pretty old.
And then we started talking to the newer people and it just,
I don't know how many years of my life I'm going to dictate, you know,
put into place and you don't know. And someone said to me one time, well,
you got further than anyone else ever did.
I'm like how many times did they try to make this movie warned me about that
five years ago?
Is there any other kind of movie that you're interested in other than something
like that?
Yeah, there was this other one that I worked on for a long time that never went
either. I had bought the rights to this book called raised eyebrows,
which was a light that about the last few years of Groucho Marx, his life, ah,
this guy, Steve Stoll, you wrote it.
And he was an 19 year old college kid who started
this petition drive. Do you like the Marx brothers love them. Yeah.
And cause animal crackers had been lost. That was the last film. And it used to,
I think it was at UCLA. Sorry, Steve. I can't remember your college. Um,
he started a petition drive to get animal crackers released from the vault and
released. Cause it hadn't been seen since like the forties or something.
And he did, this was in the S this was in the early seventies. And through that,
he became Groucho's assistant,
but Groucho's final years are really dark because he kept having strokes and he
was ill. Any of this woman, Erin Fleming,
who was supposed to be as they kind of played it, like it was his girlfriend,
but she was so the caretaker and it was,
it turns into sunset Boulevard inside his house, you know?
And Steve eventually is put in charge of Groucho because it's.
A really dark Belvoir household because.
Groucho was being abused and drugged by this woman.
She isolated from his family and it's like happening in this Beverly Hills home.
And it's just dark. It was dark towards the end for Groucho really? And,
but the book is fascinating because the guy wrote it. Steve who's still alive.
And we're friends. I was just like, it was one of those books.
You're reading like five seconds. And I just happened to find it by accident.
I was like, this is an amazing movie. But again,
years and years go on and trying to get it made.
Groucho was such a controversial character,
had one of the greatest lines ever on you bet your life.
He is talking to this guy and he's asked the guy like, uh, you're married. Yes.
How many kids? You guys.
Yeah.
You guys has, he got a gang of kids and he goes, geez. He goes, he goes, oh,
I love my wife. He goes, I love my cigar too.
But I take it out of my mouth every now and then. Yeah. That is,
that was a hugely controversial line. Yeah.
Yeah. He's was amazing. And he was like, and he was very eyebrows. Yeah,
there it is. He was very outspoken. He was like on Nixon list and stuff.
And he didn't give me crap.
Inside Groucho's house.
It's really fast. If you get that book, you'll read it in like two seconds.
It's always sad when some iconic,
old figure like is being taken care of as he's older and you know,
he's getting over and someone's waiting for him to die so they can get the
money. Yeah.
And she kept kind of doing, saying like,
we're going to make you come back Groucho. And we're going to do as TV specials,
enemy, you know, like you and Frank Sinatra. And Groucho's like, you know,
had on his like third stroke and it was like, can't really talk or, you know,
it was just like,
and a couple of the final appearances are of him are pretty rough.
Cause he was pretty sharp and good. Even when he was older,
really watch my Dick Cavett or something, but then it got bad.
And then how did this lady get into his life?
How did that go down to remember? She was a, has been,
I think she was a secretary at first and just kind of weasel their way in. Oh,
I can't remember exactly. I should. I should be able to remember everything.
There's so many stories like that of like, oh,
I think there was a Stanley story like that in his last few days it happens a
lot. You know, people were trying to get his money.
I remember a member of that. Martha Ray. Yeah. That was like the end with her.
Like he was like, oh and her boyfriend and she's like this in a wheelchair.
Right? Yeah, yeah.
And I was like, yeah.
Oh yeah, that is sad. And their kids are done with them.
And so someone else is taken care of them.
Well, they're so old. Their kids have all died of old age.
And this was like, you know.
So you wanted to do that film. Yeah. What happened.
With that? It just, it just couldn't get it going.
We thought we'd every time it seemed like we were on the move,
it just would stall.
And then I had a falling out with the producers and I was like, oh, you know,
five years spent with this. I'm out.
Oh my God. The dream at a time.
Yeah. That's the thing like for every movie I've ever gotten made,
there's probably five others that I tried to get made that couldn't get made.
So it's a real time suck. Yeah.
That's, that's a huge drag man.